Add AWS 9.1.1 release notes (#88)
giantswarm/releases: release-notes/aws/v9.1.1.md

## :zap: Giant Swarm Release 9.1.1 for AWS is now active for you! :zap:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release upgrades the NGINX IC app to upstream v0.28.0. It contains several non-breaking changes that fix a few issues. We also added metrics Service for prometheus-operator support. This enables scraping of metrics and better monitoring on the app.
```

Reviewer: WDYT about this? 
Also, what can the customer do here - any CTA we want to add? Like, should they upgrade, talk to SE... or just fyi?

Author: Applied suggestion as is, likely IC abbreviation should be replaced with Ingress Controller.
Even more likely we need to add a note related to https://github.com/giantswarm/giantswarm/issues/8851#issuecomment-583723774 - can you please come up with a suggestion? Or would you like me to propose initial content for the note? Same needs to be communicated for https://github.com/giantswarm/releases/pull/89

### cluster-operator [v0.22.1](https://github.com/giantswarm/cluster-operator/releases/tag/v0.22.1)

- No change from the previous version.

### net-exporter [v1.6.0](https://github.com/giantswarm/net-exporter/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#160-2020-01-29)

> - Allow disabling TCP DNS check.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allowed disabling TCP DNS check.
```

Reviewer: Any way the change makes customer's life better? (Figuring out if should write sth for paragraph at top)

Author: It made our life better, it's a fix for https://github.com/giantswarm/giantswarm/issues/7898 - our monitoring tool made use of it and was erroring/alarming on one customer environment where this is not permitted.

## :zap: Giant Swarm Release 9.1.1 for AWS is now active for you! :zap:

> This release upgrades the NGINX Ingress Controller app to upstream v0.28.0. It contains several non-breaking changes that fix a few issues. We also added metrics Service for prometheus-operator support. This enables scraping of metrics and better monitoring on the app.

Reviewer 2: One of the sentences reads a bit weird for me, here's a suggestion.

```suggestion
This release upgrades the NGINX Ingress Controller app to upstream v0.28.0. It contains several non-breaking changes that fix a few issues. We also enabled the metrics Service for prometheus-operator. This allows us to scrape for metrics and improves our monitoring the app.
```

Author: I've done some wordsmithing, PTAL
